# CS300Analysis_and_Design
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
The problem I was trying to solve in the projects was creating a program for ABCU. The Computer Science department wanted a program that showed the user what courses were offered and what prerequisites were required for each course. The program needed to print in alpanumeric order and have the ability for the user to pick a course based on the coures ID to see what prerequisites were required for that course. I had to decide what data structure would work best for this program based on the data structures ability and worst case runtime analysis. 
How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
The approach I used to solving the problem was learning what I could about the different data structures and deciding which approach would work best for this project. I decided that a binary search tree was the best option as it allows for quick searches and allow for the system to print in alphanumeric order. The worst case runtime analysis for this data structure is 0(n). Adding new nodes to the binary tree is also relatively simple and quick. 
How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
When I came acros a roadblock I would refer back to the chapters and resources that were provided throughout the course. I found some of the videos provided to be very helpful. I used the different programming assignments throughout the course to help guide me along the way if I got stuck as well, following that example helped tremendously. 
How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
The work for this project expanded my approach to design software and developing programs by showing how important pseudocode are to the success of a program. They are used as a roadmap to the programming process and can keep me on track during the programming process. Also using a runtime analysis to decide which data structure would be best for the project. 
How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
Completing pseudocodes for each test of this project was veru helpful in organizing my thoughts and how I wanted the program to work. Making a pseudocode for all the different data structures also helped me narrow down which structure I wanted to use and what I thought would work best for this project. After creating the pseudocodes I was able to make an informed decision and then follow that roadmap while I was writing my program. I also used inline comments throughout my code to explain what that bit of code was for. This is very important so that the reader can understand what that set of code is meant to accomplish. 
